Fenris wait up! (Fenris)"Hey Alexis what's the rush?" I caught up to Fenris. (Alexis)"You know we have to be there at the ceremony..." He smiled. I pulled him by his arm and headed to the ceremony. (Fenris)"Whats that smell...?" I sniffed the air...The smell was all to familiar....Blood and a lot of it but it wasn't human blood....We got to the place where the ceremony was sappose to be and everyone was asleep while ash was all over the floor but their where a phew men standing Fenris snarled and changed into his white wolf. (Alexis)"So much for normal...." A man lunged at me from above...I whispered than a black sword appeared in my hand slicing the man in half than he burned up and became ash. (Alexis)"Fenris only attack the ones attacking got it!" The men standing around suddenly attacked the vampires going after the humans.After finishing them off I heard one call the leader Dante. (Alexis)"I'v heard that name before...." All of a sudden I was grabbed from behind. "Don't move or she'll have a nasty scar....Tell your mutt to back off..." (Alexis)"Fenris is not a mutt....besides it's not him you should worry about..." I smiled as my blood covered my sword it started pulsing it started to float as red writing appeared all the blood started poring into it. "You b...."My sword struck him in one sweep. (Alexis)"So much for being normal.....How am I going to explain this to mom...." My sword vanished as Fenris lowered his head. I smiled while scratching his ears.The man named Dante walked up to us. If my heart was still beating I'm sure it would stop. (Dante)"Whered you learn to fight?" My eyes turned blackish red than we walked away. (Alexis)"Let's go Fenris...What am I going to tell mother...." We headed to Fenris's family dojo since mom was off on her honeymoone. Fenris family always welcomed me. (Grandfather)"Ahh sounds like you had a rough start." (Alexis)"That's an understatement..." He chuckled. (Grandfather)"Listen Theirs a school that's just for people like you and Fenris." (Alexis)"I'v heard of it...But mom can't afferd that nor can I place that on her." (Grandfather)"Don't worry about that.Would you be interested in going?" (Alexis)"Of coarse...But theirs no way I could afford it." He laughed. (Grandfather)"Good I already made arrangements just incase You and Fenris have papers filed you just have to be their tonight.The headmaster will be waiting for you both." I hugged him tight he laughed and hugged back. (Alexis)"Thank you." (Grandfather)"You better get your things packed." I hugged him one last time and headed to my room and started packing, Fenris leaned in with just pants on crossing his arm's. (Fenris)"Pretty amazing." (Alexis)"Did you know?" He chuckled. (Fenris)"Ya but I didn't expect what happen today...." (Alexis)"Ya that was pretty messed up...." (Fenris)"That Dante guy was cool though." I threw a shirt at him... He caught it and laughed. "Can't deny it I saw you staring at him the whole time until." I glared at him he threw his hands up and backed off. (Alexis)"You know that's a touchty subject..." He rubbed his head. (Fenris)"Ya sorry. We should join the combat team." I looked at him currius. (Alexis)"Combat?" He nodded. (Fenris)"Like the one we saw today they have training for off campus missions like today. Or protecting Royal's..." I laughed as he sighed.I finished packing. (Fenris)"Come on a car is waiting for us." He grabbed my things and headed out I said my good byes and got hugs. A black car was waiting....I recagnize the person who was waiting for us...two of them....Dante. He opened the back door for me. I got in the car was dark inside which was really nice. Everyone else got in. (Dante)"We meet again." (Alexis)"Yes...Sorry." He looked back at me. (Alexis)"For earlier...When you asked me about my fighting...It's a touchy subject is all." (Dante)"Say no more I won't ask." I smiled. "It was pretty impressive needs work though." (Dante)"Don't mind him he's still in training himself." I chuckled. "Relax it'll be awhile." I closed my eyes letting myself drift. "That was fast." I drept I was floating and below was a cresent moon. A voice was calling but I couldn't understand, All of a sudden Fenris woke me up. (Fenris)"Alexis where close. Look it's huge!" The building was huge it was breath taking no one was out though. (Alexis)"Where is everyone?" (Dante)"Some are still asleep the rest are still on vacation. They'll be back tonight. For now you need to go to the headmaster and get set up." He parked in front of huge gates the gaurds flagged us in. The drive was long but beautiful. Dante dropped us off at the doors where someone was waiting Fenris grabbed my things and his. "You must be Alexis and Fenris. Welcome to cresent moon Acedemy you'll love it here!" She smiled. (Alexis)"And you are?" "Oh right sorry the names Kate the headmaster asked me to welcome you and show you around. This is the entrance and off to the sides are where we keep the Mares. The dorms are on the otherside, If you'll follow me." We followed she showed us the gardens than the training grounds, Next was the headmaster's office. (Headmaster)"Ah thank you Kate.I'm glad you to made it I heard what happen..But your here now that's what matter's. Here's both your new scedules.Tonight everyone is returning so its just the welcoming ceremony no classes.Some nights their are rituals and hunts, As for clubs you'll find out that some are close to the ones your use to but on a different level for now Kate can you show Alexis to her dorm Blake will you show Fenris to his." A guy with short brown hair entered. (Blake)"Sure thing we are room mates after all." (Kate)"Come on Alexis fallow me." She took my hand and headed off. (Kate)"These are our dorms pretty empty right now injoy it while It's quiet." We stopped in front of a door. (Kate)"And this is our room. Hope you don't mind sharing rooms with me." I smiled. (Alexis)"I'm glad I was nurvus for a bit." She laughed. (Kate)"Come on where shareing with two other's both won't be back till tonight." (Alexis)"Whats their to do around here?" Kate plopped onto her bed. (Kate)"Theirs a lot to do like the stables and gardens and don't forget about the rituals those are fun a bit dark some times but that depends on who's leading them than theirs magic classes..." Kate had to think for a moment. 
