We where out hunting vampires that went rogue killing their own...we entered a town it was covered in snow... I rolled down the window. "Watch out vampire..." I looked he was feeding on a bench not really paying attention but the vampires we where hunting his in a nearby store.... splitting up I jumped out of the truck while the others went on ahead I kept getting this bad feeling like we entered someones territory.... I got jumped as soon as I entered.... "Let me go!" "Its pay back for breaking my brothers nose..." All of a sudden it got really cold two ice wolves appeared behind them was a man...His hair was long and white his eyes looked icy blue... "Hey whats your problem?" One walked up to the man the wolves growled than they ran passed the vampire and attacked the others behind as the man swiftly jabbed his hand into the vampire but instead of burning he started to freeze... I stood their in a daze while the man walked up to me he curresed my cheek it felt cold as ice...He tilted my head revealing my neck fangs grew I felt a sharp prick...he's inside draining my blood his thoughts entered my mind...I started to feel light headed when one of the vampires attacked the man and I was able to get away I changed into a huge white wolf to find the others leaving a trail of blood...Everyone was at a huge fountain it looks like they trapped another group...before I got there I changed back. "Did you find their leader?" I shook my head. "We have bigger problems...I think where in a powerful vampires territory...Get out of here I'll clean up the rest!" They ran off. "Do you really think you can take us all you..." I leaped towards him and punched his face knocking him into the ground with a loud crash we fought till they where nothing but dust...I heard that mans voice as if he was right behind me but when I turned around he wasn't their... Great now I'm going insane...I sniffed the air but quickly covered my nose...all I could smell was the scent of my own blood. All of a sudden the ground broke as their leader came up and grabbed my neck. "You shouldn't drop your gaurd..." I grind the temperture started to get colder I quickly changed into my wolf form to escape his grasp I bit his hand to let me go but instead he threw me I yelp as I hit the ground hard my blood got soaked up by the snow as I changed back laying their. I can't...move... In the distant their was groups of howls as the man from earlier showed up out of no where three wolves appeared two on my sides and one behind me before I knew it I changed into my wolf again breathing really hard but I could hold my form and collapsed.... "Your in my territory leave..." "Who the hell are you?" A phew day's past since that day no one knows what happened when they found me alone.... I sighed. How could I let this happen a new vampire with crazy powers....Maybe he would know ever since that bite mark disappeared a weird mark appears... Darick said it was some kind of rune marking. (Darick)"Hey Rose that book came in the one you asked for." (Rose)"Thanks." Darick laid the book next to the other books. (Darick)"Have you talk to Alex?" I shook my head. (Rose)"I can't seem to get a hold of him since he's old school he doesn't have a cell phone." (Darick)"That you know of..." I punched his shoulder. "Ouch. What was that for?" I shruged. (Rose)"What if theirs more waking up..." (Darick)"You mean more guys with powers like that? You know I think I'v heard some vampires talk about that but only ones that are older would know more like..." (Rose)"Alex...can you get a hold of him?" He smiled. (Darick)"Already did he's on his way now."I heard a knock. "Speaking of let me go let him in." Darick left the room and opened the door. (Darick)"Hey Alex come on in she's in the back." (Alex)"Thanks." My ears perked when I heard Alex he came into the room his hair was short and black his eyes was a crimson red. (Rose)"Old fashion as always I see." He laughed. (Alex)"Are you alright? I heard from Darick what happened well not everything I see." He sniffed the air I sighed as I grabbed my shoulder. I nodded. (Rose)"Ya I'm okay...I remember you telling me about how vampires have territorys." He nodded. "I think we woke one vary powerfull vampire." (Alex)"Show me where." He looked serius so I did. He looked mad and hurt. "Looks like he marked you Rose..." (Rose)"Marked?" He nodded. (Alex)"Normaly now a days we just bite to mark whats ours but this is really old older than I am I heard their where powerfull vampires that Mastered each elemant and marks it to what ever elemant thay are but I'v never seen one till now...They must of been sleeping this whole time..." (Rose)"Whats wrong you look worried...Alex." I glared. (Alex)"Yes I am. your lucky to be alive to survive an encounter let alone survive the marking." (Rose)"True but if he hadn't been their I would of been dead for sure or worst though I'm not sure how..." (Alex)"I'll keep searching and find out more from the elders in the mean time keep the mark hidden they may smell it but they wont know the runes their." (Rose)"Is it dangerus?" (Alex)"I don't know but better safe than sorry right?" I nodded. He's diffanitly keeping something from me... (Alex)"I'll be heading out but if something happens let me know." (Rose)"Okay I will.
