My room mate woke me up to the smell of breakfast I got up my hair fell to the floor as I stretched. "Hey Rose I'm having someone over tonight for dinner is that alright?" I pulled up my pants. (Rose)"Sure Emily do you want me to stay out for your date?" (Emily)"It's not a date... It's my boss..." She glared at me. (Rose)"Oh you mean that new sorcerer that got elected?"She nodded nervously. (Emily)"Please can you cook I know you're busy training but you know you're better at cooking." Emily looked pretty desperate even for her I gave in and agreed. (Emily)"Thanks Rose your the best!"(Rose)"Does he know it's not a date?" She threw a pillow at me of course I stopped it in mid air. (Emily)"Its work related sheesh...ever since he found these relics we've been trying to figure out what they hold." I smiled and finished breakfast. (Rose)"Got to go see you tonight."I waved and ran out the door, I got to the training grounds and waited for the other's. "Hey Rose I see your the first one again." (Rose)"Ya." "I saw Damien here you know the leader of the elite squads." I touched the sythe earing on my earlobe. Of coarse I know who he is...Since I am dating him though no one knows that he's also the one who saved me years ago. I got in line as the rest got here. "Alright trainies!Today is your last day of training and Damien and his squad has agreed to help the level S class will be handycapped today, Afterwards you'll be assigned to your new squads now Damien will explain on what you'll be doing." Damien cleared his throat and stepped forward. (Damien)"Today We'll be doing moch battles with my squad it'll be tough but it'll get you ready for real battle but defeating your apponet won't be your only objectove working as a team and watching your surrounding is also key. We'll start in an hour so plan and gear up Dismissed!" (Everyone)Sir!" Everyone grouped with their squads. (Captain)"This is going to be tough their one of the strongests but they didn't set up any winning conditions meaning if we hold out long enough...Rose will draw their attention while we set up an ambush Mike and Jake take rear use your cloaks so you won't be spotted Clair and I will set up traps Aric back up Rose remember to watch eachother's backs but stick to your post. Memorize the landscapes and get ready." I took deep breaths and walked around for a bit everyone was getting ready cleaning their weapons Damien's squad was also getting ready one was cleaning their scythe. Another scythe user looks like Damiens as calm as ever I wish I could go all out... (Mike)"Hey Rose I need your help." (Rose)"Sure whats up?" (Mike)"I'm calibrating my new scope it has an energy readout on it and I need you." (Rose)"Alright." We headed for one of the spiecle areas. (Rose)"Tell me how much and when." He gave a thumbs up as he lifted his rifle. (Mike)"Okay start in the middle than lower it by half." I nodded than closed my eyes energy surrounded my body. (Mike)"Perfect now slowly lower it." I did to the point of zero. (Mike)"Okay now rais it as high as you can." I took a deep breath my energy skyrocketed making it seen Mikes scope was in the red sending out a warning. He told me to lower it just a little bit so I did the levels leveled out. (Mike)"Perfect now can I get a hit on you?" I laughed. (Rose)"Not a chance if you ever want to try gonna have to duel me." He sighed. (Mike)"But no one can get a hit on you except maybe the captain." (Captain)"Ya when she first got here but even now I can't. Now come on it's about to start." (Rose)"Who's first?" (Captain)"The blue Rose knights." The screen lit up for everyone to see both squads where in position. I watched closely at both but Damiens squad peaked everyones attention their formation was different. (Rose)"This won't last long." Captain crossed his arms and nodded. And in 1 minute they where wiped out. (Captain)"Where next." "Next squad crimson dragons." We got into our position we armored up and readyd our weapons mine was a scythe the sound to start sounded I raced to the middle their waiting was also a scythe wielder we clashed  our speed matched and sparks flew as we both dodged. (Aric)"Rose watch out above you." I jumped out of the way...Damien. (Aric)"Captain are you done?" (Captain)"Barely we got trouble..." I stood my ground but kept my distance from the two. (Damien)"What will you do?" "Is she smiling?" (Rose)"Captain I'll buy you more time go on defence." (Captain)"Right permission granted." I gripped my scythe and dashed towards Damien passing the other guy he didn't like that so they both attacked me. (Rose)"Aric get some distance I'm starting." He jumped out of the tree and ran. Red energy surrounded my scythe with every attack energy blades would slice through everything. "Where are you aiming at?" I smiled while they where busy on dodging me Aric was giving me the cordanates for the other enemy's making them work harder. "Two points for the Crimson dragons!" "How...?" (Rose)"Whats the matter?" (Damien)"Go help the other's I'll take it from here." "Yes sir." The other left leaving just Damien. (Damien)"I see you've gotten better." (Rose)"Ya but it's ashame I can't use my full powers." He grind. (Damien)"How long can you keep going?" We clashed for what seemed like eternity...A huge explotion erupted. "Point's for Damiens squad." (Captain)"Rose has been taken out take point." I woke up in a tent my Captain waiting next to me. (Rose)"How bad?" He chuckled. (Captain)"We lasted longer than the other's but we still got our ass's handed to us the other squads took a beating to. The stronger squads are up next after lunchthanks to you we where able to score two points." Damien Came in Captain stood at attention really fast. (Damien)"At ease." The captain relaxed. (Damien)"Congragulations out their. I also came to check on Rose." (Captain)"I'll be outside." The captain left. (Rose)"I'm fine...though my ears are still ringing."  (Rose)"I heard this loud noise..."  (Damien)"You should take it easy and go home early." He touched my earing it pulsed through my entire body.My eyes slit than returned to normal. (Rose)"I'm not doing much tonight except cooking for my room mate and her not so date." (Damien)"Come to my place if you need to."He whispered. I nodded. Damien left. I left with my captain he took me home. (Captain)"I'll call you when we get results take it easy." (Rose)"Thanks." I closed the door and started a shower. I took off my clothes and got in the water felt great. After the shower I started on dinner when Emily walked in. (Rose)"Hey." Her boss was right behind her. (Emily)"You look terrible." I laughed. (Rose)"Training was harsher." (Emily)"I heard you took a beating." (Rose)"Ya we went up against Damien's squad." "There strong." He looked at my earring. (Rose)"Dinners done I'm going to head out not sure when I'll be back." (Emily)"Okay thanks." I headed out my head was pounding Damien's words echoed in my ears. Some how I ended up at Damien's place. His door opened Damien was there he grabbed my hand and pulled me inside.  (Damien)"So you came after all." He smiled. (Rose)"I..."He kissed me.
