Alexis was invited to a private party by her father. As she arrived she noticed a young man in a suit standing away from the others sipping a glass of champagne. She couldn’t help but be drawn to him. She couldn’t quite understand why but she tried to forget about him and converse amongst the other guests until her father introduced them. 

(Father)”Alexis meet Allock he’s a friend of mine. Allock meet my daughter Alexis.” I nod. Something inside me was burning but I didn’t know why. His eyes scanning every inch of my being. 
(Father)”Everything Alright dear?” I smiled and masked this feeling.
(Alexis)”Yes Father.....it’s a pleasure to meet you Allock.” He grins at least that’s what I think is a grin..... his voice sent thrills throughout my body but something snapped me back to reality. His tone changed to annoyance when another man entered our conversation. I chuckled. 
(Alexis)”Forgive me Father but I need to Pardon myself.” He nods while keeping the other man occupied. 
I headed outside the balcony for a breath of fresh air. My body was still burning the air tingled against my skin. I couldn’t get rid of this sensation. Suddenly a familiar voice whispers in my ear. 
(Allock)”I can help you with that my dear.” His voice sent shivers down my body. His hands came around to my front caressing lightly against my dress, I bite my lips so no one hears me. I squirm as he reaches down my thigh with one hand pushing me into him with the other. 
(Alexis)”Wait......what if....someone.....sees.....?” He grins. 
(Allock)”So? To them I’m just keeping a young lady warm from the cold air.” I was blushing. He was rubbing all the right spots.I held his arm with one hand  as he traces my curves tracing down my body in between my legs I gasped when he started rubbing my underwear making it wet.  (Allock)”Mmm someone’s excited. How long can you stand before you moan? I bet you would sound sexy.” He says with his lips against my neck I can feel the heat of his breath on my skin sending chills down my body. 
Why do I feel this way when we only just met......? He knows where my sensitive spots are..... 
Suddenly I felt his hand trace up my body to my breast his fingers circles my tit. My face was beat red. My legs squeezed tightly around his other hand. He grins playfully rubbing my pussy through my underwear. I could feel myself getting wetter. Suddenly he pulls away leaving me breathless. 
(Allock)”Not yet.....” He says in my ear than walks away leaving me breathless. 
After he was gone I sighed with relief but unknown to me someone was watching with their sights set on me. 
I got my composure back and headed inside. 
Later that night I couldn’t sleep so I walked around to clear my mind. 
Often I would entertain the men and women around me but tonight I wasn’t really into it. Of course that didn’t go unnoticed.
(???)”Alexis dear what ever is the matter? You don’t seem like yourself tonight.” I sigh rubbing the soft scales on my arm. Suddenly a man entered lifting my chin up to see his face. The man was vile and cruel I could tell just by him looking at me. My eyes slit in a rage. I stood up everyone around gave us space. The man smiles.
(???)”You must be Alexis.” He reaches out to kiss my hand. 
(Alexis)”I am and you are?” He grins. (???)”How rude of me my name is Dante Alexandre. A pleasure to meet you my dear.” I growled lowly. He chuckles.
(Dante)”Serve me....” He loosens his pants my friend was about to protest but I stopped them. I got down to my knees slowly rubbing his bulge my thoughts was purely survival. I took out his hard man hood and started licking it. He crossed his arms while I took in his cock into my mouth.I sucked and played with the tip with my tongue,after working it he came into my mouth he forced me to swallow every drop.
(Dante)”How disappointing....that your not mine.” He grins. 
(Alexis)”Everyone out!” My voice turned demanding and vicious. Everyone started leaving cautiously. Except for Dante and his men. My bones shifted and cracked shaping into an inhuman form a humanoid dragon. His men circled like dogs ready to kill. They smelled of death and decay. 
(Hell hounds huh?) I growl speaking in my native dragon tongue. 
(Dante)”Do what ever you want with her.” He smiled while leaving. When he left his men started changing into huge Hell hounds. They attacked first. I dodged and attacked and killed them all easily but didn’t leave unscathed....as I was leaving I heard a familiar voice. I growled still trying to stay alive I turned around Their was Allock my ears drooped down ashamed I growled at him. Unable to keep myself up I started falling and changing back to somewhat normal form. He came rushing to my side. When he held me in his arms that burning desire came back flooding my senses. I kissed him as he came close. My wounds started to slowly heal. Allock smiled and carried me back to his room. When we got to his room I closed the door with my tail he gently laid me onto his bed I had no strength to protest nor did I want to. He slowly caresses her. He never asks what happened all he sees is her slowly working her up as she heals more. She hungers for him just as he hungers for her, she pulls him on top of her slightly grunting from the still fresh wounds but she doesn’t care. He rubs her clit with one hand while kissing her deeply. 
I yearn for him......
I started moaning in his mouth as he picks up the pace I spread my legs wanting him needing him.....he starts kissing down my body making me arch his other hand plays with my breast. He reaches to my stomach down to my thigh I started breathing heavy. He kisses my wet lips spreading them with his tongue. 
(Alexis)”I can’t......I....need....” He smiles ignoring my please.Licking up and down my pussy teasing my pulsing clit. 
(Allock)”I cant hear you.” I gasp. 
(Alexis)”I....want....you.....inside.....me!” He smiles undoing his pants and taking everything off. His hard cock pulsing he slaps it on my pussy making me moan. He rubs against my wet cunt than slowly pushes the tip in and out. When I least expected it he enters my pussy I arched gasping and moaning loud with pleasure.
(Allock)”I was right you do sound sexy moaning.” He kisses up my body slowly thrusting his hips when he kisses me deeply he picks up the pace my hips follow his rhythm. Faster and deeper I could feel him inside hot pulsing I tighten my hips around him he holds me up to him thrusting faster. We were both hitting our peak.
(Alexis)”Cum inside me! I want all of you!” He grins as I hold onto him. 
(Allock)”I’m gonna cum!” We both came together. I fell back into his bed panting. He kisses me and sees all my wounds healed. I was out cold but smiling. 
