You always hear story's about being attacked at night time but last night one of our class mate was litterly attacked though she survived and placed in the hospital they said she'll be okay with a phew days worth of rest but who would be okay when they where just attacked. Ever since vampires and other creatures have been made public they've been trying to make a fair system... "Hey Alexis your up any ideas for club projects?" I looked up at the board and saw what was already writtin... (Alexis)"Well I think the ghost hunt is cool and all but we won't be able to stay after dark you know..." The vice presadent chuckled. "Not true I got permission from the teacher as long as we have a teacher willing to stay with us that is." (Alexis)"Okay so what would we be searching for?" "I heard theirs been more activitys in the class rooms." "Ya their been getting pretty scarey they wanted us to look into it." (Alexis)"What does the presadent think we should do?" (Vice presadent)"He said we should at least look into it but their are other things that need attention to." She looked worried. (Alexis)"We can split it up and check in groups and who ever finishes can help the others." "sounds good." "Ya." (Vice presadent)"Great I'll go tell the teacher." (Alexis)"Don't forget to get permission to remove these just incase it get bad." She nodded. power limiters help but not when we need to defend ourselves dragons and vampires and such are S class cases that usaly have a licence to use our gifts on campus or off campus.... Later after school we stayed meeting up with our teacher who usaly stays with us on our club activitys. We knocked. "Come in." We came in their was a tall dark man in a dark coat looked old fashion. "Kids this man is a detective a friend of mine I hope you don't mind that I called him to help." (Vice presadent)"Not at all actully we could use the help....Actully one of our member's hasn't returned  from one of the reports." "We where seperated some how she got really spooked Alexis wanted to go find her." The man looked at me well probably at my collar... "Is that true?" I nodded. (Alexis)"I caught her scent but it got lost in another scent...." "Ya she almost puked." (Alexis)"You would to if you smelled something that bad...though evan that disappeared sorry teacher I think my nose is out of comission for a bit." "Hmm should put the activity on hold till we find her." (Teacher)"Yes your right what was their assignment?" "Um it was suppose to find out if their was really a demon about or not at first it was all fine and quiet." (Alexis)"Their wasn't an assignment like that on the board..." The girl looked down. "Kate said she saw something and remebered it we didn't think it was true." (Alexis)"We better find her fast... show us where she vanished." We ran to the place and split into teams to find her the presadent and I went with the teachers friend. "Whats this girl look like?" (Alexis)"Kate well short long hair and has glasses." "You mean the one that just ran down the hall?" (Alexis)"That's strange I still can't get her scent...Come on!" We ran after Kate but she vanished again it was really quiet than I realized I was alone... Great... All of a sudden I was slammed agaisnt the wall something had my neck I strugled to get free.... Than I heard a vary deep and scarey laugh. (Demon)"This smell is intoxicating to bad your the humans pet..." He sniffed me than started to lick me...Grows....Damn I get release the seal...All of a sudden some slammed the demon across the hall and into one of the class rooms I looked at who it was the teachers friend and vice presadent. (Alexis)"Thanks...Now if you don't mind." I pointed the president nodded. (Vice presidant)"I hear by grant Alexis temperary release until her enamy is gone or distroyed." My eyes changed than my whole body changed though not all the way but it was enough to deal with that demon. (Better...Kates scent is above us.) (Vice)"Leave it to me and kick that uglys butt." (Right!) I flew into the class room tackleing the beast and throwing him into the chalk board. "Nice throw." (THanks but that wont slow it down we have to find where ever he came from unless you can banish him from here?) "Demons arent my thing but if you keep it busy I know who is." (Deal.) He stepped out and started to call someone on the phone. We rustled about the room. "Pin him down!" He held out his phone I could hear chanting. So I grabbed the demons horns and rushed him into the wall he was thrashing like crazy the chanting was painful but I kept him pinned the demon was laughing and roaring in angony. (Demon)"Your just a half breed release me!"  (Never...Keep going!") A circle appeared beneath us before the chant was done the vice presadent covered my ears and the demon vanished the seal was back and I fainted into the vice presadents arms. When I opened my eyes I was in the teachers loung Kate was crying. (Teacher)"Alexis good your awake how are you feeling?" (Alexis)"A splitting headace but fine....Is that monster gone?" (Teacher)"Yes but Damians making sure theirs no more he also wanted to appologize." I shook my head. (Alexis)"I told him to keep going if it would get rid of that thing..." "That was a big risk." Whos that? "I'm Damians partner the one who got rid of the demon." (Alexis)"The one on the phone...I didn't think vampires could exersize demons." "Everyone has their own abillity." (Kate)"I'm just glad your okay Alexis." She sniffled. I patted her shoulder and left... The man fallowed. (Kate)"Alexis remember you are you!" I chuckled. We caught up with Damian. (Damian)"Should you be up?" (Alexis)"We got to find where the demon came from I'm guasing you haven't found it?" (Damian)"I'v looked all over the place." (Alexis)"Have you checked behind the school? Theirs an old building they where going to tare it down but it was to dangerus for workers.
