My friend clung to me as we headed to a new carnival just outside town. "Wasn't this your idea Rose?" She stuck her tongue at me. (Rose)"Ya but they said it was different than it was during the day time...Alexis arent you scared?" I smurked. (Rose)"Wow look at that line." We waited in line till it was our turn. "Welcome back I hope you injoy our show tonight it's a real fright." (Rose)"Thanks." She smiled nervusly. (Alexis)"How long are you in town for?" The man looked over with a wicked grin. "Where here as long as people desire us." Rose pulled me inside... (Rose)"Come on let's find a seat.Theirs one in front." We grabbed seat in the vary front row. The room became dark than red lights turned on the man from earlier was in the middle. "Lady's and gentleman welcome to the scaryiest show in town of coarse tonight's show is your worst nightmares and fantasy come to life!Now without furthure delay please welcome our best perfermers!" A lady appeared on the tight rope...she had wing's and a tail  than a man appeared where the ring leader was he was vary pale and his eye's where crimson red he bowed than he intraduced a huge lion type beast....with wings. I looked around but everyone wasn't afraid of coarse they probably  thought they where fake...I looked up the hot vampire pressed his fingure agaisnt his lip and looked at me telling me not to say anything. "Lady's and gents get ready for the fright of your life it may even scare the souls right out of you." Laughter filled the area flames burst through the middle a giant beast appeared with huge wings and...horns the vary ground it stood upond cracked Rose grasped my arm tightly the show started Rose and I where chosen to particapate I thought Rose would never let go till she had to once she got into it though she was having fun while everyone else was scared speechless once we got back to our seat's the vampire gave us two invites after the show was over we waited for it to not be so cramped the ring leader caught us before we headed out. "So did you to injoy our show?" (Alexis)"Yes it was amazing I barely got out with my arm thanks to Rose." She stuck her tongue out. (Rose)"Wish Alexis would get scared to..." "Well I do hope you'll come back." (Rose)"We will! Hehe maybe you'll finaly get scared Alexis." (Alexis)"Right we better get going I did promis your dad we would be back after the show was over." I held my arm's close and forced a smile. We left after saying good bye. I took Rose and said good night. When I got home it was dark and empty so I made food and took a shower I washed my ears and tail. I wish I could spread my wings...but theirs hardly any room for them. I wiggled my wings slightly. I got out and dried off I streched my wings out than I noticed that envilope was on the table I picked it up I turned it around and opened it with my sharp claw. I read it. We invite you to partake in our scarey carnival where all your nightmares and fantasy comes alive come before our next show tomorrow night to get a once in a life time tour. and your own show... I laid down on my bed  while reading. I fell asleep my form changed to a small silver like dragon I flew out of the bedroom window my dragon nature took over.  "Master are you sure you remembered the shopping list?" "Yes I have it right here." They walked passed a couple whispering. "Did you see the strange dog with silver eye's?" "It was probably the moon playing tricks." The couple walked away. "Master where should we get all the shopping done?" "Hmm let's see..." They walked quiet aways they passed a meat shop and saw a small puppy looking into the window.The ring leader stopped and called me over I looked over at them wagging my tail I hopped down and cautiously walked up to them. "That's quit the iillusion." I tilted my head than he held out a hand at first I sniffed it the smell was pleasent I gave it a quick lick than I looked into his eye's. "Your that girl arent you?" "Master what are you going to do?" "Can't leave her here. How about it want to come with us? Though a cat would suit you better." I quickly changed to a black cat he petted my head and ear's he lifted me into his arm's. They headed for a store. "Hey your from that carnival right?" "Yes we just came to get some supplies. 
