Alexis make sure your ready for your Master's return. (Alexis)"When is he returning?" I grabbed my thing's. "I know your excited but remember no one knows about you yet." I nodded while packing my clothes. "The temple is under ground keep in mind your position." (Alexis)"Right." We left towards the village in the secluded mountian. We arrived and got into our cloak's and headed down below is a  trail lit with torches a huge circle in a middle of a room slowly came into view we wern't the only one their the men was standing into the inner circle and us woman where standing in the outer circle the male's are the strongest in here some of the females are to but to me they don't seem like it. The ritual started everyone chanted energy surrounded the room a man appeared with silk garments it was red and black his hair was long crimson red with long horns and tail his eyes where fire red the men bowed. "Master." (Echoed voice)"Is everything ready?" "Yes Master. There ready for you." He looked and grind he took a young human woman my tail flicked beneath my robe those of us who whernt human stepped back letting Master in joy his toys... "We won't let you have your way demon!" Huh? "Protect our Master!" We gather towards the inner circle. I started to chant as a sword came to my hand. "Alexis!" (Alexis)"Yes?" "Distroy them before they get to the circle! I give you permission to reveal yourself!" I took off my cloak I spread my wings my body started to grow and change into the blackest dragon after my change was complete I let out a blood curdling roar. My breath from hotter than the sun black flames escaped my muzzle. "A dragon? No one said theired be a dragon!" Master came up next to me and touched my side I lowered my head. (Master.) He looked at me with loving look. "Stay here I won't let those humans touching you." I changed back but all my clothes where gone. "Sabastian take her back to my room." (Sabastian) "At once my lord." He took me away when we got to Master's room I sighed. (Alexis)"Why am I here...?" (Sabastian)"You know your his of coarse he's going to protect you. Stay here and rest." I nodded and laid down 
