Today  I finally got to the city while I was walking I saw the news casting. news. (News reporter)"Today was announced Dante ahead of cybernetics will be testing a new power source Dante will explain." (Dante)"Of coarse  tonight is just a test but I'm confident that I have made a powerful energy source for cybernetic and mechs.  Everyone is welcome to watch." (Reporter)"Is it safe?" (Dante)"Yes it's safe and we have safety shut down just in case." (Reporter)"Thank you. You heard it from Dante himself."Dante huh I heard he's a genius maybe I should watch to. "Um exscuse me." "Yes?" "Where is this testing place?" "Not to far from here its right outside the robot dinosaur exibit." "Thanks." I ran off into that direction. I got to the place...It looks like their still sitting up. Imformation came on the structure. "Hey kid!" I turned around a man that appeared to be security. (Security)"What are you doing?" "I'm just looking you know for the energy testing." (Security)"That's not till tonight..." "I know I'm new here and wanted to see where it was..." The man looked at me with annoyance.  (Dante)"What's going on out here?" I looked behind the security guy it was the man on the news. (Security)"Nothing sir just some kid..." I looked at the security.  I crossed my arms. "Like I said I'm new here and just wanted to see the site so I wouldn't get lost later..." (Dante)"Are you interested?" "Isn't everyone? But I am curious to have such an energy source would be great." Than again I'm looking for something else. All of a sudden a huge dinosaur came out of nowhere. (Security)"Look out it's rampaging. Hey kid watch out!" It came at with it's teeth. I stopped it with my hands.  "Um is it okay if I break it or not...?" (Dante)"Go ahead it can be replaced."  Battle initiate... I leaped above the Dino my armor activated on my arm as high energy formed in my hands. 20% 40 70% charged 100% I slammed down on it releasing an energy blast through it. I flipped off it as it exploded my armor went back my hands was smoking from the discharge. "Enemy eliminated.. I better get going before I get in trouble." (Dante)"What's your name?" "Alexis! Looking forward to tonight bye!" (Dante) Same here.  (Security)"Sir what should we do with this?" (Dante)"Scrap it. Though it wasn't a complete failure. Get me information on that girl." "Yes sir."  "Hey Alexis you're late." (Alexis)"Sorry ran into a giant problem..." "Come on we got to get you registered. Ready for a new start?" (Alexis)"Ya as ready as can be." We headed for the cybernetic center. "Yes?" "I'm here to register Alexis to the database." "Alright just enter here and we'll start." I fallowed the lady to a room. "Sit here please and place your hand here." I did my information popped up. "Wait here please." A phew minutes later she came back. "Alright your all set." (Alexis)"Thanks." I left the center...  (Alexis)"Thanks for everything." "Anytime but remember that you'll need a handler if you want to stay off the military radar." (Alexis)"I know I'm just a regular cyborg with upgrades." "Here's some credits to get by for awhile but the rest is up to you. Good luck." She left. I understand her concern I'm not your average cyborg I put the military to shame but they don't know I exist. Well I better get busy....what's the time? I checked.... it's almost time for that test I better get going. I headed off towards the site there was news reporters and people all over the place waiting. That's a lot of people.  "Sir that girl you asked about is here. It looks like she just registered as a full cyborg at the center not else is known." (Dante)"Good work keep an eye on her for me." "So go as planned?" (Dante)"Yes I want to see what she's truly capable of." He smiled wickedly. "Yes sir."   The gates finally opened. (Dante)"Thank you all for coming! Now tonight is just a taste of my new power source." A huge whole was filled with energy and what looked like cyborgs and more dinosaurs. Energy rising... (Dante)"Now I present this chip the holds incredible power it can also evolve armor." He inserted it into one of the dinosaurs his armor changed but so did its behavior but no body noticed all of a sudden it started to attack the other dinosaurs.... everyone was shocked. It's tail went for Dante his robots got in front but it ripped right through them like paper.... I have no choice... I leaped out in front and stopped it's tail pushing me back a little... (Alexis)"This would be so much easier if I could use my other armor..."  (Dante)"For everyone's safety where closing up please fallow my security team out of here." The tail ripped my shirt off... Oh come on.... I looked to see everyone leaving. (Alexis)"Great. Limiters release armor dragoon." Dragoon armor released ten seconds till power drained. (Alexis)"Right ten seconds all I need...." I started to crush the tail it thrashed around I let go and grabbed Dante and jumped out of the way. (Alexis)"How can I stop that thing?" (Dante)"It's power core if you take it out it'll stop!" (Alexis)"I'm guessing leave it intact?" (Dante)"If you could." (Alexis)"Right. Hang on!" I landed dropping Dante off at a safe distance. I crouched low like a dragon. I dashed at mock one breaking the ground underneath me I grabbed the chip and ripped right through it's chest I crashed into the ground still holding the chip steam flushed out of my armor... shutting down.... I shut down and my armor vanished.... (Dante)"I want a clean up crew asap." He walked to me he smiled as he saw the chip intact. (Dante)"Take her to my lab and make sure nothing gets leaked understand." "Yes sir." (Dante)"Amazing her specs are top grade." I woke up to Dante gawking at me while I still had no shirt on I quickly covered myself with my arms... He chuckled. (Dante)"For a cyborg you sure act human." (Alexis)"That's just how I woke up..." (Dante)"Unknown cyborg creator unknown origins unknown combats beyond military issued." I jumped off the table my legs gave out... (Alexis)"Please you can't tell them about me..." (Dante)"Now why would I do such a thing but under one condition." (Alexis)"Anything..." He grasped my chin. (Dante)"Work for me and I'll make sure your untouchable." (Alexis)"That can't be all?" (Dante)"Sign over your contract and ownership and that's it. Of course I would own you but you'll be taken care of." (Alexis)"Well I was looking for work. Deal." I pulled up my contact and entered ownership to Dante I signed with my hand Dante did also. (Alexis)"Agreement accepted." (Dante)"Good now lay back down and shut down for a bit." (Alexis)"Yes sir." I climbed back up and laid down. Shutting down....... (Downloading schematics....Loading new program....program complete new power source installed.... "Sir everything has been dealt with as for the girl she's been reported as your secret project." (Dante)"Good it's going to take me time to crack this code I don't want to be disturbed." "Understood. Is it really that advanced?" He grind. (Dante)"It's amazing she acts and feels human but is beyond a weapon capable not only does she have limiters on her abilities but her memory core has also been sealed. Must of been awoken prematurely it's almost similar to your design except she was made to fight and adapt." "Does that mean she can evolve further?" He nodded. (Dante)"Well that's been sealed as well but I'm sure of it now  go and do what you do best." She nodded and left. (Rebooting all systems online.) What  where is... (Warning new program installed.) So it seems anything dangerous? (No but more  like improvements nothing harmful.) Give me system status. (Energy stable systems are also stable.) (Dante)"Impressive self repair and support looks like you adapted to my programs as well." I flexed my hand and arms. (Dante)"Everything is in working order however we need to move the lab...." I looked at him. (Alexis)"How?" (Dante)"My transport of course I need the data transferred." (Alexis)"That's easy." (Dante)"Do it and when your done fallow me." I nodded. (Uplink initiated downloading in process.)  (Alexis)"Your a genius..." (Dante)"Yes." (Alexis)"Would you be able to find out...." (Dante)"Who made you and why? Heh already working on it it's part of the reason where moving locations." That's not the only reason....oh well. (Download complete.) (Alexis)"Done." (Dante)"Let's go." He grabbed a laser pistol and headed out I followed. (Alert hostile detected.) 
