Hey Professor I think we found something! "What is it?" An egg sir but it's huge nothing I've seen before. "Better call them ...And make sure no one goes near it."The family that owns this inland sir?" He nodded. The young man left in a hurry like the professor asked he went to the main family house.He explained what they found the man. "Really where?" A young boy looked down from the stairs. "At the ruins the proffesor asked me to tell you for some reasons the phones wouldn't work..." "I see Videric go get ready.Can you take us their right away?" The young man nodded He took them with him to the ruins the proffesor was waiting. "Ah proffesor did you find something?" (Proffesor)"Yes you might want to see for yourself....It hasn't reacted though..." The proffesor showed them the way down a long path way into the ruins when they got their black crystals surrounded a larg egg. While they talked the young boy started to walk up to the strange formation. "Wait kid you shouldn't get near it!" Everyone paniced exept the two men.(Videric) "It's alright." The boy said in a quiet tone the crystals stopped pulsing.(Videric) "That's it." He placed his hand on the egg it was hot than a heart beat was heard throughout the ruins. (Videric)"Aren't you lonely in their? Why don't you wake up? My names Videric." All of a sudden a mark appeared on his hand the mark of the family crest the egg started to crack as the whole place trembled. (Proffesor)"Valamir is that?" He nodded. (Valamir)"Looks like we found her Viderics sister." After the egg completly shattered a young girl fell out she had long black hair her eyes where like the night sky she looked up at the boy he carefully picked her up and carried her to his father.(Valamir)"Looks like she's bonded to you..." (Videric)"This time I'll protect her father I promise." (Valamir)"Good she'll need you let's take her back to the mansion." Years later.... "Alexis your brother is on his way home shouldn't you get ready? I thought you where excited to see him again." (Alexis)"I am It's just It's been a 3 year's since he left I'm just really nurvus...." She chuckled. "My lady that's not like you to be nurvus plus I heard he's bringing company." (Alexis)"I know..." I sighed and got dressed and headed to the living room Brother their waiting a long with another man...My brother hugged me. (Videric)"Sounds like you where giving Claire a hard time sister." I crossed my arm's but he laughed. "I would like you to meet Damian he's an old friend and Fiance before the war broke out and we lost you...." (Damian)"We didn't come here to discuss that remember besides I would like to wait on that." I looked at them both with interest. (Alexis)"Why did you come here than?" (Videric)"Since father's away we thought it would be better if Damian would stay here of coarse I will to." I smiled... (Alexis)"This isn't about my visions is it?" (Videric)"Part of it....I lost you once I won't lose you again I promise. Will you trust us?" I nodded. My eye's changed. (Alexis)"I'll inform the villagers and brother." My eye's softened and I smiled hugging him tightly. "Welcome home I missed you." He patted my head. (Videric)"I missed you to." (Alexis)"I'm going to go for a walk I'll see you later." I walked out of the room quickly and headed to my spiecle garden... "Miss shouldn't you tell him?" I growled...than sighed... (Alexis)"Forgive me...I can't..."I sinced someone hiding I could smell their blood lust I quickly surrounded clair with my wings and growled a long tail wipped around and pierced their chest but their where other's. (Alexis)"Get to the mansion!" She ran as fast as she could back to the mansion when she returned with my brother and Damian I had one man held up by the throat as the others laid about the ground dark fog surrounded me and dark flames surounded my claws and feet Brother placed his hand on my arm. (Videric)"It's okay you can put him down now Alexis." (Alexis)"Brother?" He smiled. (Videric)"Clairs safe thanks to you but more importantly when did this happen?" He pointed out the flames and the new transformation I dropped the man I looked at brother hestitant to tell him but I did anyway's. (Alexis)"A year after you left....I...Thought you would be mad if you....." He curresed my cheek" (Videric)"THeirs nothing wrong with you sister though I'm impressed that your able to use grandfather's flames why don't we head inside and I'll explain alright and clair get some of our men to make sure no one else is here." Damian was grinning proudly but also a hunger..Brother took me inside while Damian stayed outside. (Videric)"Like I said Alexis theirs nothing wrong our family is different than other clans where one of the oldest and powerful theirs other's like us and some are against us and our alliances Damian is part of our alliance our clan has rare abillitys that other's don't have and in rare cases like yours and grandfather's we have our own abillitys but in some cases like yours they can gain other familys traits and beyond like having multible abilitys." (Alexis)"Your not mad than? About killing those men..." (Videric)"No of coarse not actuly I'm impressed sister." (Alexis)"I think Damian was to." We both laughed. (Alexis)"Where we really engaged?" He nodded. (Videric)"I know you don't know about our traditions vary well but where paired before where born when you where a child a war broke out and we lost you...Than we found you but you lost your memories from protecting yourself." 
