 I woke up with the same dream every night I’m  in a dark place and their a man tide down to a tree,  he had dark blue  long hair he looked so enchanting like he was sleeping in some dreams he’d talked to me even though his eyes where still closed and his mouth wasn't moving sometimes I’d be crying  being stuck in this place is hard enough but monsters keep showing up the manager just puts collars on them but still Mikes friend was attacked by one I don't think its horrible I mean human's attack and kill just as monsters do. but I’m not human I don't have a collar  I mostly work around the pins since the shadow beasts don't attack me...(Than how do you get all those scrapes?) Oh it's you know... I’m just clumsy that’s all... (your a terrible liar u know that) I know I made one of the customers pretty mad well the shadows did but I didn't want them to be blamed.(Next time you visit me will you help me leave this place?) I don't know if I can but I’ll definitely try (Time for me to sleep...) I wander how I could be of help well I suppose I could think of that later time to feed everybody. Hope I didn't miss anyone oh ya he  never did tell me how to get to where he is maybe I could search by air. I folded my arms in tight and closed my eyes as two wings came out of my back I stretched them out a bit since its been awhile in one flap I took off into the night sky while searching a way to the man in my dreams. I can't see a thing (what are you looking for?) You at least  where are you?  burr its freezing up here (Freezing where are you ?) Up in the sky (In the … never-mind you should see a shrine like entrance in the ground ) T heir’s nothing like that but there is an old tree kinda like the one from before. (try there ) Well here goes nothing .I fold my wings close and dives towards the old tree I thought I was gonna hit ground but instead it turned into a dark tunnel that felt like it went on forever I finally reached the ground I glided  the rest of the way till I saw an old tree  their tide to it was the man I tugged on the ropes holding him but they wouldn’t budge. “You made it down here...” “Yes but these ropes won't budge ...come on budge wait fire would work right?” I stepped back holding out my hand's closing my eyes and imagine a bright flame in my hands but than it goes away the more I tried the faster it goes out. “You need a stronger flame to be in this place.” “ A stronger flame hmm well I suppose I can try that one.” I took a deep breath  the flames started changing from orange to blue  than started to get darker till it was black and wrapped it around my hand than grabbed the rope in an instant it burnt into pieces. “I should of done that first their I think that's all of them... I looked up as he came down my heart started to race. “ You never did tell me your name.” “Oh its Tigress.” Tigress huh I like it suits you now shall we get out of this place?” He extends out his hand with a grin on his face my face started to blush I folded my wings and took his hand  he grabbed my hand  than swept me off my feet. “ Hope you don't mind?” “ I don't mind ...I'm a bit tired though not sure why...” I start to close my eyes slowly. “ Once you wake up I’ll tell you my name alright. He whispers in my ears as I drift off to sleep we flew off  Into the night. “ First lets find the rest of the gang if I saw right he should be close... (I was mumbling  in my sleep I kept seeing a person chained to pillar’s all I could see was his face all of a sudden I woke up in a cave a fire was made. “Your awake.” “Ya I had the same dream Sept a different person though he had chains and in some weird temple I think...” “ You must of seen where one of my followers is  you impress me even more did you see where to get to him?” “No but I think I can find it...” “Oh yes I promised to tell you my name didn’t I?” (He whispered in my ear) “My name is  Alexander.” My heart started to race and my face was bright red at the same time he grins. “Tell me have you ever kissed?” (I touch my lips thinking than I started to blush I shook my head )” “ No I never kissed anyone before uh but don't we have to find somebody  first? He smiled a devilish smile but I didn't care I pointed to where I saw the entrance to the temple was, he headed their in a hurry, we landed in a dark cave. This is it its pretty strange to keep somebody here...” “ Lets go hes probably getting impatient . We headed in as we got closer the more it looked like a temple. “ Oh their it is the chains I saw!” He put me down and looked around as we got closer two men where close behind us but he noticed  them before but doesn't care we pressed on the more I walked the harder it was to breath,before I could break the chains I heard  a voice from behind. “We can't let you do that besides you won't be able to break those anyways...” I looked at the chains.” “ I'll take care of these 2  can you break the chains? I think … no I can.” “Theirs no way a kid can break those.” “Sure not in this form chains and trees are different.” I close my eyes takes a deep breath black smoke came out of my mouth fang’s started to grow than a  long tail, I held my shoulders tight  dark energy surrounded my entire body as I fell to the floor I slowly stepped out of the smoke with big paws I snarled while my wings  spread my tail wiped behind me I smiled showing my fangs.” “What just happened?” “Now to break those chains.” I took a deep breath and started to heat the chains weakening the power to the chains I stepped back and one swipe from my claws the chain snapped.. “Hey dragon girl if you can melt the other chains I can break them myself .” “Okay.” I heated up the rest of the chains and was down to the last one than all of a sudden I felt a strange energy from above I tried moving out of the way but was to late a bright light came crashing through the top the force was so strong it broke through the ground below before I fell through I swiped my claw at the last chain weakened from the blast I changed back and fell unconscious  Alexander disappeared from his fight and caught me the person who attacked me showed up. “That girl with stood that attack but not completely you two don't let them leave . (the two men) “Yes sir!” even while I was asleep I started to whisper in dragon tongue symbols started to appear on my body than a huge dragon like shadow engulfed us and took us far away from the temple we appeared in a forest near a river. “Looks clear your dragon girl is interesting how did you find me?” “She did she's also the one who freed me I taken a liking to her  looks like she's still exhausted that attack must of pushed her to the limit.” “Ya he was strong we should rest up for the night.” Alexander grins while he looks at me with sharp eyes  I mumble in my sleep as if I was having a nightmare he places his hand on my for head  energy surrounded his hand and I started to calm down . “I'll go fetch some fish and scout the area.” He bowed and left towards the river as he reached the river edge he spots a few fish while waited to catch them he was in deep thought before he knew it he caught five big fish. “Hope that's enough...sire I got some fish .” “Good I got the fire going.” The fire crackled as the fish was cooking over it, I woke up  when it was nearly done I sniffed the air and started drooling Alexander looked at me. “Your drooling Tigress. He laughed as he handed me a fish my eyes widened and I started to eat it was really good  and my back started to heal faster after I ate my fish I stood up and brushed myself off. “I'm gonna go clean up.” I walked off towards the river I heard the sound of a waterfall I walked a few and finally came to a huge waterfall it was so clean that I could bathe in I looked around and took off my clothes and placed them on a branch I took a deep breath and entered the water slowly it was cold but felt great huge wings came out from my back and they sparkled in the sun  I twirled as the water splashed all over than suddenly I felt dizzy ,  but someone caught  me I looked behind me.) “ Huh... oh Alexander...” “Shouldn't you take it more easier you did exhaust yourself after all . He sat me down. So tell me  how did you end up at that place?” “Huh oh I don't really remember all I know is that I woke up their and been their ever since my memory's a bit hazy and every time I tried to remember my head hurts so I stopped trying...” “That place was sacred grounds the only place that keeps darkness away but you said their where creatures right that would mean the barrier started to weaken something strong probably weakened it  hold on you said your memory's weren't all their so how do you know of your power's?” I shrug my shoulder's “I don't know I just do it like it's just natural   “Oh ho your more interesting...” He grins than the man we rescued came up from behind us. “So this is where you went 
