Hey Alexis are you almost ready? (Alexis)"Ya just washing my hair what time is the party?" "Around 9. Where taking my car this time." (Alexis)"I still can't believe your boss invited you to a hard to get into club." "I know glad he let me bring a friend to. I have to warn you though he's pretty hot and protective." (Alexis)"Protective or obsessive?" She chuckled. "Both perhaps but he pays well and takes care of everything." I got out of the shower and dried off. Kate came into the bath room. After we both got changed I got into Kates car Kate got in and turned it on we headed to the club. A guy at the door looked well built but something about him looked off... We got parked and walked right in. "Kate glad you made it." (Kate)"Hey I like you to meet my best friend Alexis." "A pleasure to meet you." He kissed my hand. "This way why don't you relaxe and have something to drink while we wait for the other's." We came to a table with a man already sitting down with two girls on each side he looked up and dissmissed the girls so we could sit. "This is Damien he owns this club." (Damien)"Hello." (Alexis)"Hi." We drank and talked while we drank I noticed another man that just came in. He had dark blue eyes he had the same posture as the other two but his scent was different. "Hope I'm not late." Kates boss shook his head. "Not at all. Kate Alexis meet Drake. I waved while drinking my favorit drink. (Drake)"A pleasure." Kate giggled. (Kate)"Don't mind Alexis shes been working to much." (Alexis)"I thought we wherent going to discuss work?" Kate shrugged and smiled. (Damien)"What do you do?" (Alexis)"I go around the world getting artifacts for who ever pays though most of the time I keep the artifacts safe." (Kate)"I thought you where working for that um oh whats his name...?" (Alexis)"I do some times but I think he's searching for some temple in the oceans....Or was it in a forest..I forget." (Drake)"Interesting. Hey Sebastian are we still having dinner at your place or mine?" (Sebastian)"Yours I thought though we can have it at my place." (Drake)"Mines fine." Dinner? (Sebastian)"Kate did you tell Alexis about having dinner?" Kate chuckled while quickly sucking down her drink. (Sebastian)"Alexis we where going to treat you too to a dinner at one of our places I hope that's alright?" (Alexis)"Sure I'm off for a phew day's any way's." (Sebastian)"Great!" (Drake)"I'm driving." (Kate)"Alexis should go with Drake." She shifted her eye's towards mine....Great Kates at it again. (Damien)"You guy's have fun work calls."  
