Mom When did you say the truck would be at our new place? "I think they said the day after tomorrow." Mom looked at me and smiled. "Don't worry I made sure your swords where packed with care.Are you still wearing your gift?" I nodded.it was a choker with a red gem in the middle I got it in the mail just before we moved. I yawned as mom drove into the small village Grandfather invited us to come live with him. I noticed at the edge of the village was a large mansion. "Hey mom who lives at that mansion?" (Mother)"I believe the owner of this village owns that mansion infact your cousin works their if I'm not mistaken." I couldn't look away something...no someone was calling me. I touched the choker  instinktivly. (Mother)"Dear your revealing your form." I snapped out of it.. "Sorry mom I guase I got excited." I chuckled. I breathed slowly and changed back. Mom chuckled. (Mother)"Your just like your father getting excited." "I wish he could of come with us..." (Mother)"I know Alexis I'm sorry but you know he would of come." I sighed and looked out of the window.We arrived at grandfather's istate it was huge their was a massive wooden gate at the entrance and someone was waiting in front mom parked in front since we had to walk in. The man waiting opened my door. (Alexis)"Uh thanks..." (Mother)"Father!" Mom got out of the car and huged him. "Hello to you to daughter of mine." She smiled I'v never seen mom so happy except when she was with dad.I grabbed some of our thing's. "Why don't you to come inside I'm sure your tired from your drive here." I grabbed my bag I noticed my scythe was sticking out I quickly hid and zipped up my bag... "Raven don't you have work today?" (Raven)"Ya but I can still help out." I yawned morning's was not my thing... (Raven)" Let me help please." I nodded. He smiled and got the other bags and mom's luggage we stored our stuff in one of the room's. (Alexis)"Are you going to be late?" He looked at me with a nurvuse smile. "Can I come with you?" (Raven)"Sure but it's quiet a walk." (Alexis)"Sounds fun." We headed off after telling mom where I was going. (Raven)"I hope your trip was well?" (Alexis)"It was though I'm not really a morning person hehe." He chuckled. (Raven)"Same as my Master." I looked at him confuzed. "Master?" He nodded. (Raven)"The one I work for." "Oh okay." We talked for awhile he showed some places as we walked when we finally got to the mansion I was in aw. Raven knocked on these wooden doors they looked really sturdy a man opened the door. "Your late." The man looked at Raven with piercing eye's. (Alexis)"I'm sorry he was helping us put our luggage away..." He looked up at me. "And you are?" (Alexis)" My name's Alexis and I'm moving in with my grandfather." (Raven)"She's my cousin Master. They just moved here today." I really wished I brought my scythe...Something about this man feels familliure... (Alexis"Maybe I should go..." I turned around quickly so they couldn't see my eye's change. (Raven)"If your looking for a good place theirs a caffee not to far from here or if your looking to relax their a nice park." I smiled. (Alexis)"Thanks." I ran off in a hurry. I came to a park like Raven said breathing hard my face was red... 
(Raven)"Forgive me Master she asked to come along." He grind. "Alexis huh she smelled like death." (Raven)"Really Master? I could feel something from her but..." "Do you know why she moved here?" Raven shook his head. (Raven)"All father said that his sister and her daughter would be staying with us though theirs been a lot of talk." "Oh? Maybe you should invite her over for dinner tomorrow." Raven nodded.
I started practicing in the park to clear my mind uncle was watching me. "So you like swords?" I looked. (Alexis)"Yes though mom pacted all my swords so I can only do mental training" "If you would like we have a dojo." My eye's lit up.We headed back to the place while mom was talking to grandfather uncle and I did some sparring it was a lot of fun. After dinner I went to bed my scythe was laying their I picked it up my hair changed to black huge wing's came out and spread I took off into the night I landed at the park I was at earlier and started to train with my scythe the speed was faster than human's could see. The moon was bright tonight I stood ontop of my scythe while it floated. I looked towards the mansion in a daze I sat down than headed towards it.I landed in front of the huge doors and changed back while my scythe returned inside me. This place keeps drawing me in...I was about to knock...but I hesitated and pulled my hand back I turned around and headed back.
