You really like the black knight armor or don't you? I turned around it was the owner of the museum. "I do." He looked over my shoulder. "Amazing that's vary detailed." "Thanks though it's not finished yet. Um I been meaning to ask but isn't their suppose to be other armor's? I mean where's the other knight's and the king's armor?" "Scattered I'm afraid this one was already in my posetion...Why are you interested?" "It may seem wierd but...For some reasion I seem more drawn to it. I can draw anything but this armor is more interesting if that makes sence." "Alexis! Come on the teacher's waiting for us." (Alexis)"Coming!" I grabbed my backpack and headed out. "If you want you can come back." (Alexis)"Really?" He nodded. "Awesome thanks!" I headed off with the other's. When I got home from school I thought about what the meseun owner said I sighed as I picked up my pendent. I really wished he had the kings armor to. I held onto my pendent and started to drift off to sleep. I drept that I was back at the museum I was looking at the black knight I was about to touch it when a dark mist surrounded me I looked down it lead to a doorway I followed to a hallway with armors on both sides, till I got to a room at end was a throne someone was sitting in it and kneeling was the black knight...no way... I got excited my heart was pounding I thought it would leap out of my chest I was so close...the closer I got the more the darkness surrounded me almost like it wanted to swallow me up sane thing to do would be to run right? But I wanted it to. I felt his gaze it made my cheeks red. All of a sudden my phone woke me up.... I mumbled. (Alexis)"Hello?" "Alexis did you fall asleep?" (Alexis)"Kate... yes I did." "I thought so well I called to remind you about our field trip this weekend you know bring your parents to theme park." I forgot... "I thought you would forget so I got your papers you just need two adult chaperone. Or one." (Alexis)"Right thanks Kate..." (Kate)"No problem I'll meet you at that museum you love so much to give you those papers." I blushed thinking about that dream. (Kate)"Alexis okay..." (Alexis)"Okay. Ya see you tomorrow... goodnight." She hung up the call. I yawned. Maybe I just need a shower. I took off my clothes and took off my pendant I hopped into the shower and turned it on. The hot water felt great my heart was still pounding I wrapped my arms around me all I could imagine his gaze. I finished up and got into bed. I closed my eyes but it was hard getting to sleep I felt a breeze I rolled over and opened my eyes...a shadow figure stood at the foot of my bed it sat on my bed I was about to say something but it placed a finger on my lips it got on top of me...his gaze felt familiar. I blinked and it vanished after it kissed me. After that night I did fall asleep and woke up this morning I got dressed and ate breakfast I hurried out the door to meet my friend... (Kate)"Hey Alexis! Geez did you run here?" I was breathing hard but I didn't run... (Alexis)"No... aren't you early?" She gave a cheeky grin. Than she pulled my arm. (Kate)"Come on I want to see inside." (Alexis)"Wait it's not open yet..." She pouted. "Alexis?" Kate's jaw dropped... (Alexis)"I know I'm early but I wanted to stop by that and Kate wanted to meet here." He laughed. "Come inside than." Before I could say anything Kate yanked me inside...he looked across the street than closed the door when he did a barrier was placed on the door. "So what are you to up to?" (Kate)"This weekend we have a school field trip Alexis forgot to sign some papers..." (Alexis)"I don't have parents to come..." "I'm sorry." (Kate)"She can still bring someone..." Someone came from the back. "I left the crest in that empty room...Oh pardon me. "Ahh Damian thanks this is Alexis and Kate." My face felt hot my heart started to pound... (Damian)"A pleasure to meet you." Kate looked at me and giggled. (Kate)"Like wise." She elbowed me. (Alexis)"Nice to meet you as well." (Kate)"Hey would you too want to come to the theme park this weekend?" (Alexis)"Kate!" She closed my mouth. (Damian)"I'm not doing anything what about you Sebastian?" (Sebastian)"No not that I know of. When is it?" (Kate)"Around 9:00 in the morning. She gave them papers. "Just sign your name there." They both did I was smiling. Kate took the papers and placed it in my backpack. (Kate)"Alexis don't you have art class in the morning?" (Alexis)"I totally forgot! Later!" I ran off... (Kate)"She's totally spaced out these days... It was nice meeting you see you!"
"You played me quite well Damian." (Damian)"And you where right about her she reacted to his image...something's stopping his sire from her." (Sebastian)"Yes but who..." (Damian)"How long can you keep that shape?" (Sebastian)"All day if I have to. But I sensed his majesty visited her last night I imagine he sensed her here." (Damian)"She was here?" He nodded. (Sebastian)"Not physically... Doesn't she look like her?" (Damian)"Ya but younger really young..." A dark laughter filled the museum. "I sowed a dark Crystal within find out who dares get in my way and crush them but she must be mine understood?" (Both)"Yes master." They bowed and smiled.
Class started I already handed in my paper's to the princible...Today's class was strange our new teacher wouldn't stop staring at me...well unless one of the student's needed help for some reason every time he got close my chest would hurt.For once I was glad class was over. I told Kate. (Kate)"Wow really? Isn't he hot though?" I sighed. "Though he does seem odd spiecly towards you." I nodded as we got our lunch. (Alexis)"Though today all he did was stayed clear and stare at me.." (Kate)"Maybe he figured you have your heart set on someone else." She laughed. (Alexis)"One I know he's not into me and two even if he was theirs no way I'd go out with him...." We sat on the roof and ate. (Kate)"Well I can't wait for this weekend. Also It's probably that shadow that keeps following you that keeps the teacher away." I giggled. (Alexis)"Maybe I don't mind it though." Kate could see things other's couldn't like me and my magic maybe that's why we get along so well. Kate finished up and headed down. The area warped around the school. I changed forms. Not again... Master!!!! A creature with bat wings that looked like a little devil bat flew at me he stopped this time when it saw the shadow next to me. The shadow hushed it. It gulped. (Alexis)"Why are you in a panic? "I'm just so glad to see you again." "Alexis wake up." I mumbled and turned over. I felt someone kiss me I woke up it was that shadow. (Alexis)"Are you always going to wake me up like that?" It smiled. "Would you like that?" (Alexis)"I'd prefure your real self but it works." He chuckled. "Soon I promise. The two that will be coming with you..." (Alexis)"Sebastian and...Damian?" He nodded. "Trust them. Now close your eyes and open your mouth." I looked at him strangly but I did what he asked I felt hot liquid down my throat when I opened my eye's he was gone. What was that? I got up and headed back inside next was swim class. I got changed into a swimsuit and headed for the in door pool everyone was their all ready. I got in and swam for a bit before class started. After class it was time to head home Kate had to stay though so I went on ahead. When I got home I was about to open the door when a man called out to me I turned around. (Alexis)"Can I help you?" I took a closer look he looked like my art teacher... No wait why do I feel like I'm in danger...? The man pulled out a sword and sliced me though it wasn't me. It turned into water. I ran as fast as I could I ended up at the museum... I was out of breath when Sebastian opened the doors. (Sebastian)"Alexis what's wrong?" She's shaking... He brought me inside  I told him everything. "How did you know he had a sword?" (Alexis)"The same way you used your magic..." (Sebastian)"So you knew?" I nodded. The front doors opened. "Hurry into the back Damian's waiting." I did as he said and quietly whent into the back it was really dark Damian took my hand and held his fingure to his lips. (Damian)"Stand right next to the armor and don't touch it till Sebastian tells you okay." I nodded. Sebastian rush back he told me to touch the armor I wasn't sure why but something told me I should so I did and a bright red circle surrounded us all of a sudden we appeared in a courtyard???? I looked up and the armor was gone....My clothed changed as well. (Alexis)"Whats going on??" (Damian)"Hey Sebastian looks like we made it in one peace." (Sebastian)"I'm afraid we went off into the wrong territory though.... Luckily it seems it's night time. Let's find some where to hide." We hid behind a tavern while I looked around I noticed I had a tail and claws. (Alexis)"Um guys why do I have a tail?" Damian grabbed it I blushed... It's real...I looked at my arm they had black scales. (Sebastian)"Hmm it must be from coming to this world well if my hunch is right its normal." I looked at him strangly... He's never been wrong before. All of a sudden someone spoke out to us... we looked as he came out from the shadows he had horns and scales but wore a cloak. "Princess? It is you isn't it?" (Alexis)"I...I don't know..." (Sebastian)"Who are you?" "Forgive me I'm with the dragons royal guards...I caught wind of her scent and descided to see for myself...." Sebastian explained the man privately on what happened. "Are you sure?" Sebastian nodded. (Sebastian)"It's her but younger where not sure how but she doesn't have any memories from here though she did reacted to our king." "Thats something but if shes young again that means she died and resurected with no memories..."(Sebastian)"What do you mean?" "When we die we don't stay gone where immortal for two reasions one we live longer and we die we come back though it takes years to return..." (Sebastian)"Will you help us return to our kingdom? From their we can figure out what happened." "Of coarse
