My friend and I stumbled upon an abandoned mansion in the forest not to far from our camp. We entered thinking no one lived here boy where we wrong and it seemed the owner wasn't in a pleasent mood to begin with... He rubbed his temple he had silver eye's with long black hair. The men infront though was out for blood... "We should go..." When we backed up slowly the doors slammed shut a man closed the doors and another was behind my friend I looked at the man with the silver eye's for help but...He was smiling I knew than he wasn't going to help us I slammed into the man holding my friend and shoved him into his pals I quickly grabbed my friends hand but he wouldn't move. "Sam whats wrong?Let's go!" I grabbed his hand and ran out of the mansion... we got back to camp and Sam finally snapped out of it. He forgot what happened which was strange but I let it go. We got a lot of work since we left without permission... later on they wanted us in the mess hall for an announcement. We got there and sat down. (Head coach)"Alright everyone as you know one of our camp helpers had a little bit of a cold but not to worry we have someone who volunteered His name is Damian." It's that man... "Can each leaders introduce yourself and your cabin?" "I'm James leader of the owls." I stood up. He looked right at me. "Alexis leader of the wolves..." I sat down. "Aric leader of the eagles." After everyone was done we started to eat. (Damian)" Is anyone sitting here?" I looked over than one of the girls interfered."I wouldn't she's nothing but trouble." He looked at her coldly. (Alexis)"No one if you want you can." He sat down the girl scoffed off. I chuckled. (Sam)"Good ridden...She's always picking a fight..." (Alexis)"Just ignore her she's nothing but talk." (Damian)"What does that make you?" I grind. (Alexis)"I'm a leader that doesn't let things like that get under my skin but that doesn't mean I don't get even." (Sam)"Like that one time her sun tan lotion was switched that was funny." He whispered into my ears. "I want to speak with you privately." I nodded. (Teacher)"Alright everyone it's free time till the next event but stay in the camp area...Dismissed." I got up and made sure my cabin was set before I met up with Damian. I went to our cabin Damian was waiting inside no one was around but us. (Damian)"Don't think I haven't forgotten about your intrusion." I took a deep breath. He clasped my chin. "I would be willing to look the other way if you become my pet." I glared at him. "Before you say think about that boy you where protecting." (Alexis)"That's dirty...Fine...But promise you won't tell Sam..." He smiled. 
(Damian)"Done." One of the camp heads came in. "Ahh Damian I hope Alexis hasn't caused you trouble?" I rolled my eyes. (Damian)"Not at all in fact I would like to be apart of her cabin." The teach was shocked and glaring at the same time. (Damian)"Is there a problem?" "Um no no problem...I'll put you on there list." He left. (Damian)"Your not liked are you?" I shrugged. (Alexis)"I couldn't care if I'm liked or disliked." He grind.(Damian)"Are you always a lone wolf?" "Didn't you here I'm nothing but trouble..." (Damian)"I can handle it." My eyes turned black yellow. He smiled. (Damian)"Getting excited?" I blushed and looked away.Sam came in. (Sam)"Hey Alexis what did you do the teach looked upset?" (Alexis)"Damian is in our cabin..." My eyes quickly changed back. (Sam)"No wander. Hey speaking of did you tell him about our cabin?" (Alexis)"I was about to...why don't you fill him in." (Sam)"Why me? Your the leader." (Alexis)"True but I know where you hide your candy stash." I grind. (Sam)"That's evil...fine. The main thing we do is events each cabin earns points from them now the leader can participate with there cabin or can choose who does what." (Damian)"Sounds simple but what's the catch?" "Well it's not simple if the leader partake that mean it's a greater risk of losing points or gaining." (Alexis)"I have an idea I'll join this time and show you." (Sam)"You know they'll go after you..." (Alexis)"That's what I'm hoping." (Sam)"Aren't you going to be in tonight's though?" I nodded. (Alexis)"I think the theme is the coarse over the lake right? Let's head over there once we get changed. Also tell the others to." Sam left but Damian stayed...He obviously wasn't going to leave so I took off my pants and shirt my tail was black as night I walked over to my bag and grabbed my swimsuit. (Alexis)"Do you intend to watch?" He stood behind me. He wrapped his arm around my waist than he unfasond my braw than left... I was blushing and breathing hard...I quickly got changed. I ran outside towards the lake everyone was there so was Damian..."Alexis where ready!" I cleared my thoughts about Damian. (Alexis)"Alright Sam stay on here with Damian Chris and Jake you'll head for their side once I have their attention Tasha and Blake cover me. Alright let's show them what where all about!" (Everyone)"Right!" We headed towards the starting line so did the other team.
