Everyone hold your ground! Dark magic entered our school everyone was fighting these dark scorcerers. I was helping where I could but something felt strange I used a defence spell to help everyone was amazed but when I tried to cast a heal spell it started to change I stopped my body felt heavy as I grew more frustrated... I noticed some of our students where effected as well... Whats going on? "Alexis they need you to guard the temple hurry!" (Alexis)"Alright!" I ran towards the temple. This is to slow... I sprouted wings and took off. I saw the gates closing as I slipped through I swiftly turned and threw up a barrior when the door closed... "Alexis!" (Alexis)"Go I got this....!" He could tell I was at my limit but he took off to help everyone escape... The doors where being attacked on the other side all of a sudden the doors shattered but my barrior was still up....Their stood five scorcerers the middle looked like their leader.... You got to be kidding... "So your the one giving us trouble?" I smiled barely holding myself up. He held up a strange orb it was blacker than night I looked closer a black mist was coming out of it...My barrier.... I quickly flew up to avoid it... all of a sudden my barrier shattered and chains wrapped around my ankles I fell to the ground as more chains wrapped around me... "Go you have your orders I'll keep this one here." Stop.... The four ran passed me... "I see your still fighting our master's darkness." Grind while lifting up my chin...my eyes started to change from a gold to crimson red the chains vanished as I kneeled. "Lead me to where those elders keep the artifacts." (Alexis)"Yes." We met up with the others but their path was blocked. "Whats the problem?" "A powerful barrier was placed we cant break it..." I walked up to the door and broke the barrier. The magic knights where waiting on the other side. "We won't let you pass..." "You four take care of them and you come with me." (Alexis)"Yes" "Alexis snap out of it he's our enemy!" The man smiled. "Its useless this girl belongs to our master now as his darkness over powered her will." "Impossible...she was our strongest...." I grind as my body released dark energy than I released a blast right intonthe four scorceres making their magic stronger than we headed pass the knights. We reached another room the head elder was their. "Why are you attacking? What is it your after? If your not going to answer than release Alexis!" "Why should I? Our Master's will is absalute." My body moved on its own... The elder placed a spell under me that made my body heavy. "Forgive me but bare with it." (Give me absalute control dragon!)I became lost as my eyes burned red with furry a burst of darkness came out of me. (Give in!) My body went still than my eyes changed. "Master forgive me for taking so long..." "What did you do to her?" He laughed. "All I did was take over such raw power....she faught but lost to herself. Now begone!" A burst of dark energy struck the elder but when the dust cleared he was gone. "Its pointless to run..." "Who said I was running?" He came from behind he created a circle beneath me forcing the darkness to leave while it took me away....I arrived at one of the temples the elders placed a barrier around me as I slept but I could still here his whispers. A year past since and I been working in the magic libary at the kings castle the elder thought it best I  don't remember much...The whispers I hear every night is all I can hear I dont tell the elder something tells me not to. The elders placed the kingdom in charge of watching me for reasons they wont share... Their was a knock. (Alexis)"Yes?" "Parden me but you have a visiter my lady.Ummm." Oh right. (Alexis)"Enter." I opened the door to humans it looks like just a normal library well my library is spiecle. "Parden." I Looked over a man appeared behind the solder he had black silk robes and clad in dark armor. (Alexis)"Leave us." "Yes my lady." The guard left closing the door. While I put away a book the man placed a black book on the table along with a letter. "Our Master wants you to return..." (Alexis)"Master...?" All of a sudden my head started to hurt... (Alexis)"That word...." "Looks like you forgotten no more like they locked your memories well no matter the darkness is still thier." Darkness...? Master. "Yes I know you can hear him its in your eyes." At the same time my memories where coming back like pieces of a puzzle. My clothes changed and my form as well. The man smiled. "Welcome back.... But now to get out of here..." (Alexis)"My library can take us any where well to any library...That book..." "Right its a gift from our Master." (Alexis)"It's also cursed and said to be picky about its owner.But who ever does get chosen...." I smiled. "Why don't you try?" I placed my hand over the book when all of a sudden chains surrounded me than I was brought to a strange place. (Are you the one who awoken me?) Yes. (What is it you desire?) Knowledge... power...no I want to go beyond myself... (Youll be devoured by darkness forever is that truly what you wish?) I nodded. (What is your name?) Alexis! (Vary well Alexis my Master shayll we grow and see whats ahead?) Yes! Before I knew it I was back. "No wander master took an interest in you. We shouldnt keep our master waiting." I started to chant the whole place started to shift as if it was alive well it is and it changed like its owner. We arrived at a dark lit room two black knights entered. "Their waiting." They showed us the way through a long dark hall way at the end where huge doors they started to open inside where men in dark robes at the end their was a throne someone was sitting in it.... "Sire I brought the girl." "Enter." We entered than kneeled at the throne. "Come here." His voice was demanding yet hypnotizing I got up and walked slowly towards him he wore a hood that was nothing but darkness inside... "
