Mother aren't you ready? "No Alexis not yet." I finished cooking breakfast while mom got ready for her first day of work today at the magic academy. "Alexis is your sister still in bed?" (Alexis)"She went ahead she said she wanted to check out the clubs before the ceremony." (Mother)"Are you joining a club?" (Alexis)"Ya..." (Mother)"I know it's hard." We sat down and started to eat. After eating I cleaned up and headed out on my way moms new boyfriend saw me and stopped. "Hey Alexis heading to school?" (Alexis)"Oh hi Damian ya first day." (Damian)"Want a ride?" (Mother)"Hey love." Damian gave us a lift. We headed off to school. (Mother)"Do you know who you're teacher is?" I looked at my papers. (Alexis)"Someone named professor raven..." (Damian)"Ah he's the best teacher though he's pretty advanced." (Alexis)"Do you know him?" (Damian)"ya he's an old friend.Where here have a good day you too." Mom kissed Damian. And I took off. There was a lot of people handing out flyers for their clubs. I met up with Kate. (Kate)" Hey sis I hope your ready for the ceremony.Each new students get's to show off their magic." I mumbled. We got to the arena sis and I got our seat's. They announced a spiecle treat for the newe student's we get to battle with magic and armors. (Kate)"Sis your up next." I sighed. everyone was whispering about me and my attitude. The teachers where watching as well including our mom. (Mother)"Alexis you better take it seriusly or no more swords!" The others looked comfuzed Kate was giggling. I chanted and a scythe appeared and I had black armor appear. "Is that all she can do?" "Man this is going to be over fast." (Mother)"I'm afraid she's not even taking it seriusly...Though I don't blame her I suppose." I took a deep breath as my apponet got ready in a blink of an eye I was Attacking none stop with my scythe we clashed I won. I hopped back up. Where Kate was. After the ceremony was done we had freedom to explore the grounds. While I was exploring I heard Damian talking to someone... I didn't want to bother them but Damian saw me and called out my name. (Damian)"Alexis." (Alexis)"Hi Damian." I came over. (Damian)"This is Raven. This is Alexis the one I was talking about." (Raven)"A pleasure to meet you." (Alexis)"Like wise." (Damian)"Have you seen the clubs?" I shook my head. (Alexis)"I haven't decided..." Damian grind. (Damian)"Why not join Ravens?" (Raven)"Here have a look you don't have to join." (Alexis)"Alright." (Raven)"Great where actually getting ready to have our first meeting for this year." I followed Raven and Damian. (Are you going to join?) (Alexis)("Who's their?) I looked around but no one but Damian and Raven was here with me.... (Damian)"Are you alright?" I turned around and nodded. (That fight was one sided.")Of coarse it was.... (Alexis)"I think I'm going to go home..." (Raven)"Are you alright?" (Alexis)"I just got alot on my mind...." (Raven)"What are you afraid of?" I glared and ran off. After running for a bit I stopped cluching my chest. "Well well if it isn't Alexis." (Alexis)"Jake what are you doing here?"I was surprised. He smiled getting closer to me. (Jake)"I heard you moved nearby but who knew you would go to another school." (Alexis)"Ya..." (Jake)"I wander what the boss would think?" A hand grasped my shoulder I looked it was Damian and Raven. (Damian)"Is everything alright?" (Jake)"Whats this?" (Alexis)"Leave them out of this Jake..." Jake signaled his guy's to surround us. (Jake)"What are you going to do about it?" I folded my arm's and sighed. (Alexis)"Let's battle if I win let us go and don't bother me..." (Jake)"Ha your on but when we win you join our club." I grumbled.... (Alexis)"Fine..." Before the arena formed Kate jumped in with us. (Alexis)" Kate!What are you doing?" She smiled and took a deep breath. (Kate)"I made it." Jake opened an arena
