All hands to your battle station! All hands to your battle station! The ship was under attack everyone was battling in mid air I was on the ships deck battling  two soldiers appeared one was taking energy readings he was shocked when he read mine I grind.  I called my mech. (Alexis)"Death scythe!" I ran towards it. I hopped into the cockpit. "Systems online." Great.... "Warning unknown ship approaching." (Alexis)"Where?" I looked around while dodging stray shots. "Alexis that's the famous phantom ship...." (Alexis)"The phantom ship...?" I looked there a ship warped out behind the enemy ship that was already attacking.... I took to the skies spinning my scythe than holding it behind. "Warning high energy...." Weapons where aiming at that ship. It fired and ripped through the hole like paper.....The blast was huge. (Alexis)"Shields up!" I blocked the blast from reaching the ship. "Warning power levels are at 25%." (Alexis)"Release safety output 100%.!" The barrier grew bigger just before another attack.... I successfully blocked it...but not enough energy for another assault....I landed on the deck.Energies at 10%.... (Alexis)"Sir permission to full release?" (Lieutenant)"That's insane!" (Alexis)"We both know the shields won't last another assault...! This way I can buy you enough time to warp out of here...." (Captain)"Understood permission granted.Good hunting." He saluted so did the rest of the crew. (Captain)"All hands return to the ship where getting out of here!" 
"Sure theirs a huge energy output!" (Shadow king)"Where is it coming from?" "Searching.....it's above us!" (Alexis)"Energy output max beginning transformation! Death scythe ..." The mech started to change from white armor to black huge black wings of energy sprung forth. Red lightning surrounded the scythe transforming it into a stronger scythe black liquid filled the cockpit armor surrounded my body as we both changed the air trembled. (Lieutenant)"Powers at 200 and still rising!" One swipe of my scythe and the enemies mechs where no more except the ones from the phantom ship. (I'm not finished face me or parish!) (Lieutenant)"Who is that? That's not Alexis....Sir?" (Captain)"Get ready...." (Shadow king)"Prepare my mech at once." "Yes sir!" "Your heading out?" "Of course he his." The King smiled. (Shadow king)"Good your here get ready your coming with." (Shadow knights)"Yes!" They all headed out with their powerful mechs. They hailed me. (Shadow king)"Who challenges me?" (Alexis)"Alexis and my death scythe." "It's a girl." "A child." ..... My scythe vanished as I held out both my hands a huge magic circle appeared. (Captain)"Brace yourselves!" I released all the energy all at once.....creating a huge powerful shockwaves the ship was able to escape but the enemy and his ship still remained untouched..... The mech floated than plunged towards the ground before it hit it disintegrated leaving me helpless in mid air. (Alexis)"Sure... is...bright....I guess this is it.....it's to bad heh I wanted to fight....."Just before  I blacked out A black mech caught me.....than everything faded. (Voices)"It's to bad if the frame held out she would of been a worthy opponent." "Heh right it's to bad she's working with those dogs...." (Where am I? Oh right I lost....my mech....) I was floating in utter darkness.....  I woke up in a cell.... (Alexis)"Well...I'm not dead.....yet." (Doctor)"Well your awake." The man walked away..... (Alexis)"That's it....?" It looks like I can't move... and these binding is making it harder.... I sighed. I heard footsteps coming close... (Shadow king)"Open it." (Knight)"Yes sir." He swiped his hand over a scanner the force field dropped. (Alexis)"If your going to kill me get it over with....Otherwise your wasting time...." He grind while slamming me against the wall knocking the wind out of me...I coughed.....(shadow king)"I'm not here for ether but to give you a choice." (Alexis)"A choice? What kind of choice?" (Shadow king)" Fallow me." He let go and headed out I followed..... Two knights followed as well. We came to a huge hanger full of mechs some looked different we stopped in front of one it looked like it would swallow me up.... (Alexis)"Why are we here?" (Shadow king)"I'm sure you noticed by now that each mech is different. I want you to enter this one." I looked at him confused.... (Alexis)"What's the catch?" (Shadow king)" Not everyone is accepted..." (Alexis)"What do you mean?" The cockpit opened up on it's own....it looked like the black void... my body started moving on it's own like it was calling....the bindings released I floated right into the darkness. I keep hearing a voice in my head.... (How pathetic. Your nothing but a useless tool. Leashed by the people who abandoned you.) Shut up....! I knew the price...." (So why are you empty?) What...? (Don't you want to let loose?) I....what I want isn't my choice.... (Do you want death instead?) I'm not afraid of death....I am just a weapon to be used. (Is that why you use a scythe? The form you used isn't to protect anyone.) True.... (You crave a challenge.) I smiled as my entire body charged with energy creating an entire space pitting me face to face with a shadow shape like a man. My clothes was that of a sorceress clad in armor I had black wings with black fire tail runes covered my body.  Much better.... and you must be that voice in my head.  (Dark sorceress?) I haven't been called that in a long time.What is it you want from me? (I wish for a pilot worthy of my power...) Don't you mean one that can handle it. (You and I are the same. No matter what you pilot they just break or they render your powers weak. Don't you want more?) What's the price? (All you have to do is pledge yourself to the shadow king. And become one with me.) What do I get out of it? (Purpose,power, what ever you want.) What I want is out of my reach... (You want your true self returned?)....(This form you take is sealed in a child's form.) You don't cut corners do you...That's right long ago... by the teacher who betrayed me made me serve the humans as punishment....(All the more reason to join.) The man held out his hand. I gladly took it than suddenly he entered my body  the power surged through it felt like it was tearing me apart from the inside.....I lost consciousness the cockpit opened again as my body exited from the darkness naked but still breathing new markings appeared a small black crescent moon around my neck. (Knight)"Looks like I win." The knight looked at the other knight who sighed and handed over credits. (Doctor)"Is she the one Sire?" (Shadow king)"She's passed but that's all take her to the medical room." He bowed and did as he was told. I woken to a new room... I looked around I saw a man sitting down he was writing..... (Doctor)"I wouldn't get up just yet." (Alexis)"I can't...even if I wanted...." He looked at me. (Doctor)"I'm not surprised you where out for a phew days." Only a phew? (Knight leader)"Looks like your awake. Can you walk?" I shook my head. I sighed in annoyance. My powers still hasn't recovered....(Knight leader)"Well that's a problem oh well I suppose I'll tell you here. Things here are run differently you may have passed your first test but trust me you haven't earned the right to be in our ranks yet. You'll start out just like the rest of the rookies. Once you're able that is." (Alexis)"Is that all?" (Knight leader)"Think your wise?" (Alexis)"I don't expect anything it doesn't matter to me. Isn't it natural to not trust me...." (Knight)"Haha that's funny." (Leader)"Drake what are you doing here?" (Drake)"I came to get you plus I wanted to see for myself. Besides do you really need to test her?" The leader looked over at Drake. (Drake)"We all know your wanting to see her potential the most. We all do." (Alexis)"Um I'm still here...." I sat up when I stood on the floor my hair dropped to my ankles. (Knight captain)"You may want to cover up." A woman came in chuckling. I looked down. (Alexis)"Right...."I closed my eyes and conjured up some clothes. "Better now we need to head to the meeting and Drake show Alexis around would you." (Drake)"Yes.
