The alarm went off... I woke up from a deep sleep turning off my alarm. New message from mom. I tapped the screen. "Hey my little fire breather I hope you're ready to come home I know I am and Vlad is really looking forward to meeting you." I replied. "Hey mom ya I can't wait ether just woke up "smily face" and send. I got ready. I heard my ride outside ready to take me to the airport. I grabbed my bags and locked the doors. I texted mom. "I'm on my way to the airport see you soon."  We drove to the airport he dropped me off there waiting was a small plane. The pilot helped me put my bags into the plane than we took off and headed for the small town my mom moved to. Apparently it's been around for along time.... I looked out the window I always loved flying father use to tell me how dragons use to rule the land skies and seas. I wish I could of flown with him one more time like we use to....(pilot)"Hey where almost there! Get ready it's going to get bumpy!" I nodded. My caught glimpse of mom and some tall figure next to her must be Vlad. When the plane landed I grabbed my bags and got out no sooner mom hugged me tightly...."Hi mom....can't...breath." She loosened her grip but I felt wet teardrops. (Vladimir)"You're mom has been really missing you." "Alexandra this is Vlad." (Alexandra)"Nice to meet you. " All of a sudden my stomach growled I blushed while rubbing my stomach.  Mom giggled. (Vladimir)"Why don't we go get something to eat? What sounds good?" (Mom)"How about steak." Mm steak. I started to drool just thinking about it. Vlad smiled. (Vlad)"That's a yes." He took my bags and placed them in his car. I sat in the back.  (Mom)"Dear I been meaning to ask how was your time at that school?" (Alexandra)"It was okay I learned a lot of lost languages and we visited an old ruin temple." Vlad looked into the mirror I'm not sure but it looked like he could tell what was going through my thoughts. We stopped for dinner and discussed a lot of things like what I'm going to do and about my room mom also told me about how Vlad has a huge family but they where keeping something from me than again so was I .... after we ate we headed home so I could unpack everything...we arrived at a huge mansion it looked like it's been here for a long time but it's been really taken care of... It looked like someone was waiting at the door. Vlad parked and got out."Welcome home shall I bring her bags to her room?" (Vlad)"Yes thank you Sebastian." (Sebastian)"Also you had a call while you where gone." (Vlad)"Thanks why don't you take them to see Alexandras room I'll be their sortly." We headed for my room Sebastian left me alone to settle down.I looked around than opened the window I smiled at the view than I remembered what a man told me a phew weeks before...I started to unpack my clothes. (Mother)"Dear  how are you holding up?" (Alexandra)"Okay a lot happened....But I'm just happy to be home." (Mother)"Is something bothering you?" I looked at mom.(Alexandra)"A man came to me...he knew about dad...he was asking about what happened...."She hugged me. "He said something strange....." (Mother)"It's okay dear don't worry about it." I nodded as Vlad came in. (Vladimir)"Sorry about that  Darrick called said he would be coming tomorrow night with a counselor." They kissed. Still weird having a stepdad but as long as moms happy. (Vlad)"Now what would you too like to do?" (Mother)"Why not take a tour of the mansion oh or the library." (Alexandra)"Library!?" My eyes lit up with excitement. (Vlad)"Ah right you're a reader well right this way. " We fallowed right behind the place is beautiful! This looks old but in great shape. We reached a huge room filled with books I felt like a kid in a candy store. (Alexandra)"This is amazing!" Mom chuckled. Than I got dizzy... (Alexandra)"I better slow down heh where's the bathroom?" Mom patted my back and told me where to go. I quickly walked to the bathroom and closed the door breathing heavy my throat was on fire my eyes changed to black red... "Not again...." My hand had a black smoke surrounding it. I curled up in a ball on the bathroom floor agaisnt the door I spent an hour in their. (Vlad)"Are you alright?" I cleared my throat. (Alexandra)"Yes. Just a little dizzy but I'm okay."  All of a sudden I collapsed on the floor when Vlad came in. I woke up in my bed the curtains where closed Vlad was sitting next to me. (Alexandra)"How long was I out?" (Vlad)"Not long...Your mom was worried. Tell me what happened." I sighed. (Alexandra)" I get really bad dizzy spells..." He looked at me than wrapped his arms around me. (Vlad)"I have a friend who can check on you is that alright?" I nodded. A man opened the doors and entered he was tall his hair was tied up with his bangs to his side. (Vlad)"This is Sebastian." Sebastian and Vlad switched seats.(Sebastian)"Hi. So how long have you." (Alex)"Dizzy spells. When my dad died... I don't remember much except mom found me...sometimes I'd blackout......" My whole body started burning I can feel my bones shifting than everything went black... (Vlad)"Alex..." (Sebastian)"Watch out!" I let out a in human roar. (Mother)"Alexandra calm down..."  I sniffed the air my ears folded back my wings folded back and my tail dragged on the floor I was one big scaly beast. (Mother)"Don't look so sad I know it's not your fault." (Sebastian)"I don't understand she has two different  scents and none are human." Mom brushed the blackish red scales surrounding me her eyes where soft as tears ran down her cheeks. (Mother)"She has her fathers blood... but that night everything changed." Vlad came over to comfort her. (Vlad)"Take your time." (Mother)"Her dad was a pure blood dragon who I loved... That night they went hunting I don't know what happened but she came home by herself her eyes where like...blank than I knew something happened and her father wouldn't be home I never blamed her but she did she wanted to figure out what she was so she studied with a teacher who knew about dragons and other mythical creatures but I didn't know how bad it was." Moms tears slipped over my scales. (Sebastian)"I thought dragons don't die?" (Mother)"They can but they return they live forever and when their killed their spirits return to a dragons egg but sometimes their spirits can enter another and never return...it's rarely done..." (Sebastian)"But that doesn't explain the other scent it's not dragon nor human it's almost... never mind." (Mother)"I'll go cook some meat for her."She walked out. (Why arent you two afraid of me?) (Vlad)"Why would we be?" I crossed my claws. (I suppose...) (Sebastian)"I'm not an expert on dragons but you don't look to great." I laid my head down steam excapes my fangs. (It feels like my insides are burning...it's been like this since my dizzy spell....I'v never lost control over my form before.) (Vlad)"Sebastian what do you think?" (Sebastian)"Well first I would need your kinds physiology but something tells me you shouldn't be burning for being a dragon." (If it's knowledge you seek I have a journal in my bag....with my other journals...Whats with that look?) Vlad chuckled. (Vlad)"Don't mind Sebastian he goes nuts over knowledge." (If that's the case you can look through my journals...) (Mother)"First you need to eat." Mom came in with a plate full of cooked steaks she put it in front of me I started to eat slowly. (Mom...your steaks...are awesome....) Mom smiled. (Sebastian)"Would it be alright if I could be alone with Alexandra?" Vlad took my moms hand and took her outside. (What is it you want to ask?) (Sebastian)"Your scent from what your mother told me your father must of protected you....or the other way around." (I don't remeber what happened but I do know my father merged his soul with mine I think that's why I don't remeber A part of me wants to but...another says no.) I got up and grabbed my bag with my fangs I dropped it next to Sebastian.I curled up and closed my eyes Sebastian quickly picked up my bag and left quietly closing my door. (It's strange...) "Why?" (Who's their?) A black cat jumped out from under the bed. "Forgive me I would of introduced myself but I didn't want to intrude." (Your not but who are you?" "I am Oliver my masters familiar..." (Who's your master?) "Sebastian I came with... are you alright?" (No but I'm not sure why. This never happened before...maybe I just need some fresh air.) "Would you like some company?" (Sure hop on.) The cat gracefully got on my back I got up and walked towards the window as they flung opened I stepped onto the ledge spreading my wings we glided into the night sky. "Amazing." (Isn't it.)  

