Alexis hey Are you even listening? (Alexis)"Sorry..." She crossed her arm's. "I know your on duty but at least pay attention to me." "Pardon princess I hope I'm not interupting anything?" (Princess)"Sebastian no not at all." "Come now Sebastian you really shouldn't teas her highness." The two men bowed. The ball was suppose to celebrate her birthday but in truth her father wanted to find a suitable partner.... That's Alexander his clan is a power house...So is Sabastian's...out of the too they would be good... "Your quite charming today." That's Damian...Heartless he's not truely into the princess to him it's probably just a game to sate his boredom... He kissed the princess hand. She curtseyed. I could tell she wanted to get out of here. (Alexis)"You'll have to parden her highness but she's got a matter to attend to." (Princess)"Right I almost forgot please excuse me." We left when we got to her room door someone stopped us. "You can't keep relying on Alexis to get you out of uncomfertable discussions." (Princess)"Uncle I..." He hugged her. "I know why not take a breather than come back." The princess giggled vampire's don't need to breath but it made her laugh. "Alexis take care of her." I nodded. We entered her room it was dark the only light was the fireplace. I took off my clothes and changed into a white wolf she patted the bed next to her I hopped up and laid next to her. (Princess)"Thanks Alexis.Your always their for me." I licked her cheeks. A knock was heard on her door. "Princess your father wish's to speak with Alexis." (Princess)"Alright." I changed back and got dressed. The princess looked sad but I smiled. (Alexis)"Don't worry." I left and headed for the counts room on the way I passed Damian... (Damian)Isn't that Alexis?. I looked into her eye's their different than before.... Damian snarled he knew that look fear and submitful.
We passed the door to the count's room. (Alexis)"We passed his room." "Yes he wanted to meet with you in the library." We entered the library. "Leave us." The man bowed and left closing the doors. (Count)"Alexis I heard my brother got on you again." (Alexis)"Forgive me..." He stopped me than pulled my shirt off and laid me onto the couch his fangs grew longer and pierced into my skin.I gasped. (I know your just trying to protect her but she'll have to learn eventuly.) "I...Wish I could...take her place...." He looked at me with soft eyes than bit harder. I started panting. (I know you would... But you know you can't. Tell me what do you think of the three nobels?) I took a breath. while my body felt hot. (Alexis)"Alexander is well mannered and would take care of who ever...Sebastians illusove...I don't trust Damian..." He smiled. I blushed and turned my head the other way. "He doesn't seem interested in marrying...But..." My thoughts started to fade I couldn't stay awake..."Master..." He pulled out of my neck and kissed it. (Sweet dreams.) He left the room passing Damian and his bodyguard.He smiled and bowed his head as he passed.
