Hey Kate. (Kate)"Hey Alexis." Kate yawns as she reads than she hears her boyfriends voise. (Kate)"Aric!" She ran up to him and huged him tight. (Alexis)"Hey Aric careful she's had a rough night." (Aric)"Oh?" He returned her hug and kissed her. (Alexis)"Ya her candle kept going out on her." I giggled. (Kate)"It's not funny...."Kate pouted. I guase I can't blame her with everything going on. Arics been on edge with that other vampire trying to make passes with his only girlfriend...since our village is pretty small connected by a bridge to other villages. (Aric)"Hows your brother doing Kate?" She sighs. (Kate)"He's still out of it and doesn't remeber everything...The elder's thought it be best if he stayed at the temple." (Aric)"I see hey Alexis Isn't you boyfriend at the temple?" (Alexis)"Ya he keeps me updated on almost everything." (Kate)"Alexis is great she keeps me updated." I smiled. (Aric)"Thanks Alexis." (Alexis)"Sure no problem." Though I can't tell her everything... Oh ya by the way not only is your brother a vampire but he's been marked to....(Alexis)"I better get going I'll keep you updated Kate." I waved to them and headed off towards the bridge. I got to the bridge I leaned against it deep in thought. "Hey!" I looked over it was the creep who wants Kate.... (Alexis)"What do you want?" He hissed. "I want you to quit protecting Kate..." I scoft. (Alexis)"What so you can take her....Your full of it." His eye's turned red as he swiftly grabbed my arm...but as soon as he did he felt an omnis presence behind me his instincs kicked in he quickly let go jumping back. "Alexis." A pair of hands embraced me. (Alexis)"Damien." I smiled. (Damien)"Is this child bothering you?" I shook my head letting out a giggle. He turned me around while embracing me but his eye's where on the other vampire He was terrified than he vanished. (Damien)"Alexis what where you doing out here alone?" I shifted my eyes. (Alexis)"I just came to gather my thoughts...It's just frustrating I can know a lot and still know nothing..." He lifted my chin up and kissed me deeply. (Damien)"Let's start your treatment alright." I nodded as he carried me to the temple. Underneath is a larg bath with rose pettles. Alone with only candles to light the way I striped my garmets and entered the water.I looked up at the ceilling wandering about the first time I met Damien he caught me about to bathe at night.I closed my eyes remembering that night. (Alexis)"Who's their? I'm warning you..." A man stepped out with his hands in front of him. (Alexis)"Oh a priest..." "You know it's dangeruse at night and alone." (Alexis)"You don't frighten me I know what you are..." He looked at me curiusly while I splashed water on my face I cringed every time the water touched my skin. "Are you afraid of the water?" (Alexis)"No! Why would I be...."He grabbed my arm and pulled me towards him my skin changed where the drops of water crossed it showed strange runes I tried to pull away from him but he was stronger I looked into his eyes but what I saw wasn't what I expected. (Alexis)"What are you..."He touched my lips with his cold fingers with a grin he kissed my neck I closed my eyes tight when a sharp pain entered my skin. He's inside me...I let out a gasp not from fright or pain but something else. I opened my eyes Damien was watching me with a grin. (Damien)"Lost in thoughts again?" I stood up black wings folded behind me my raven black hair touched the water. (Alexis)"Just remebering when we first met is all..." He held me in his arms. (Damien)"Soon you can put your painful past behind you." His voice rang in my ears and all of a sudden I became tired.(Damien) "Rest." I couldn't keep my eye's open any longer.(Aric)"Does that mean where leaving?" (Damien)"Yes make sure all the new fledglings get fed first but only in the temple than erase the others memories...By the way did you take care of that other matter?" (Aric)"Yes it was my pleasure." (Damien)"Good once everyones fed where heading back home.  
